hihihi
This is a build of Mallem-Stuffs
For now, it includes Seraph as its primary thing (Pyro isn't even finished, he needs a full rework because Miner
already has scorch mechanic. Or I should have to come up with decent skills that will make his playstyle mmuuuuch more distinct than that of Miner's, and items aren't
done because I put all of my focus on Seraph for now).
Seraph will be turned into a separate standalone mod at a later point for the ease of use, and will have Starstorm Returns as its dependency

Just a few notes: 
ANY feedback is appreciated, even if its going to be just about a number in skill or how an animation can be improved
ALL of the sprites were made in paint.net, with each frame being hand-drawn. I am still getting used to Aseprite, and only two sprites were done in it - Portrait and Skills
I am not experienced nor in modding or spriting, so the sprites are of		questionable quality, and the code is a spaghetti mess
Please do not distribute this build unless I allowed to, I am very unsure about my works, and it is scary to share even this build with a selection of people I trust/or they
asked for it.


HUGE thanks/credits to:
Beebo - Original sprite of Seraph in ssrcord, used as a base for literally every sprite
TRYAGAIN, Azulineskye, Kris and a few other people (I forgot who exactly, really sorry about that) - mess of a code help
TangoKnight, Winslow, Beebo - inspired by their spriting work a lot. Tried to learn rorr spriting based off of their works while working on things other than Seraph
If it wasn't for them, I would've probably never tried my hand at this again
Fox, Goobessa, qwp, Wertus, Nilzer and others - supportive and kind words during my time working on this
And everyone else who was involved in any way with this


Things:
Seraph's CSS sprite (selection) has NO frames, its static. This is due to me fucking up in paint.net, and the sprites initially done for it are VERY small. Even with upscaling,
the results aren't pleasing, so I will have to re-do all of the frames and add it later on. 
I am not over with development of this port, and I will continue to expand and improve upon it, taking in feedback.

Hope you'll have fun playing, enjoy!
